# SocialMediaMap

Using this dataset. For this project I decided to explore two concepts – one closely related to data visualization and one more artistic. Within the visualization space I aim to create a geospatial dashboard from the perspective those who are doing the surveillance. The medium of the geospatial dashboard aims to question the viewers self-perception on their value of data and highlight the dehumanizing aspect of projecting users as mere bits on a screen, or as instruments to the intentions of the surveyor. Information regarding audio and audiovisual consumption will be displayed, and colors correspond to clusters of locations one frequents. Although one can view the dashboard using other people’s data, it is best viewed using one’s own information as one can perform the mental cross-validation between one’s memory and dashboard visualization. Due to time constraints, the concept of multimedia consumption isn’t fully explored but the dashboard provides sample points of when content is consumed. During those periods, users are susceptible to advertisement.

Within the artistic space, a concept I wish to explore is inspired by Jackson Pollock. Although it was not possible to do it digitally, one can transpose the placement of my location dot onto a physical. The color represents the assigned label of above clustering, where the artist can then create gradients and blend on the canvas. Although this might not seem provocative to a
general audience, it does provide evoke the spirit of modern art as it focuses more on the nature of material. This will not be submitted but for future personal art projects.
